# Reflection on Privacy Discussions

Share your reaction and thoughts about the recent activities and discussions in class about data and privacy (TED Talks on Privacy, What Did You Find assignment, privacy policy reviews). 

This section of the course on privacy has brought up some very interesting points and information that I did not even think about previously. For example, the section about privacy in our cars was something that I had not considered before. Just the sheer amount of information that could be gathered about you just while driving was interesting. Also, the lack of privacy regulations in the automobile industry was shocking. Even just compared to digital platforms, which collect a ton of data car manufacturers have found even more data to be collected about while someone driving. The amount of technology and features that manufacturers have put into their new cars solely to collect and transmit the data they collect about you is astonishing. It seems as if you buy one of these new cars with these features installed that there is no way to remove them or uninstall them from your car. 

Reviewing a privacy policy in class was an interesting exercise for me. We interact with these policies almost everyday in our lives, but I have never actually stopped to look and read over thoroughly. Our group decided to read over the DoorDash privacy policy and we found some very interesting excerpts and unexpected things within. Specifcly when the listed out all of the infomration that they could collect, it was staggering. The amount and wide scope of information they targeted seemed to be almost every aspect about a person that was important to them from family connections to their sensitive payment data. In the policy it was surprising to see that they treated the data they collected as a business asset that could be bought and sold along with the company itself. I also expected the policy to read much like a legal document, but I was surprised to see that it was easier to read and did not contain any complicated legalese Overall this was an interesting exercise that expanded my view on privacy. 

Overall this course section on privacy has expanded my knowledge and awarness surrounding our privacy in the digital space. From learning new ways in which entities try to gather more data about us to learning about how the actually privacy policys work. I have gained a new understanding of how our privacy can be protected and violated in the digital world. 