# Block Chain Discussions
The discussions and videos about blockchain technology really gave me a view into just how many applications this technology could be used for. From creating secure record keeping to enabling the transfer of money instantly, the technology has many use cases.  Some of the applications that were most interesting to me was using blockchain to store property records and the discussion of NFTs. 

I like the idea of keeping property records in the blockchain format because it allows countries to securely store these records without the fear that they could be tampered with or modified, without someone knowing. This could be especially helpful in countries with high amounts of corruption or fraud, where property records could easily be tampered with or changed. This system would also allow for easy tracing of records to see who has owned a property and who currently owns the property. The system would also allow for people to easily determine who owns a given piece of real estate and contact them if needed. 

The other discussion that I found interesting was the one around NFTs. If found this topic to be very interesting because of the hype surrounding this technology and the ultimate crash of the NFT market. The sheer amount of capital and investment that people put into NFT and crypto around this time was staggering. The rate at which these assets grew in value was amazing to see and the fall seemed almost inevitable. I was suprised to see that NFTs of some basic images going for millions of dollars on the exchanges. It seems that NFTs were just another over hyped product that people proped up and cashed out on, ultimately leaving many with significant losses. 
