# Reflection on CitizenFour
Make an entry in your blog describing your reaction to the information presented in the documentary Citizenfour. What's the biggest takeaway for you from the documentary?

The CitizenFour film was really eye opening into the surveillance system of the US and into the whistle blowing process as a whole. I was really blown away by the scale that the government collects data at and from the myriad of sources the information is collected from. All the major telecommunication companies had some sort of agreement and was sharing data directly with the NSA and other agencies which was a suprising discovery. I main thing I thought was interesting about this is how the government was able to coerce these companies into installing encryption backdoor or giving over private keys so that the agencies could access this data at anytime. The large scale cable tapping of the atlantic sea internet cables was also facinating to see. The large scale capture and tapping of the lines look like it took an enormous amount of data from all of these underseas cables. 

The other part of the documentary that focused on the whistle blowing process from the first initial contact of the source to the actual publication and fallout from the leak was another interesting layer to the film. From the beginning the careful steps that Snowden and the writers employed to make first contact and arrange an in person meetup was amazing. The cloak and dagger of their interactions was really interesting to see in the film. I also liked how the film showed the planning and execution of the document leaks and reporting on them. How the specific reports were published in a certain order and how their were carefully selected leading up to the reveal that Snowden was the whistle blower. Overall I think that the film was a really interesting medium to showcase these leaks and the real footage of it just gave it that captivating quality that a remake could never achive. 