# Introduction Blog post

My favorite in class computing experience here at App State would have to be working on the System I and Systems II labs. Hands-on experience and activities are my favorite way to learn because I find that I am able to learn much faster and actually remember what I learned. So whether I am coding up data structures in Java, learning Haskell or completing the Systems labs, I am always having a good time. The reason I enjoyed the Systems labs the most is because of the low level systems knowledge that we learn is very interesting to me. I enjoy reversing programs and the application of knowledge from the Systems classes is very relevant. The bomb labs were fun for me because I got to practice my GDB and reversing skills in a pseudo competition style which I enjoy doing in my free time. Also, the programming of the y86 simulator in C was very helpful in learning the C language which I found very useful. 

The best out of class computing experience I had was competing in the NSA Codebreaker Challenge. The competition is sponsored by the NSA and has college students compete in solving realistic problems based around Cybersecurity and low level reverse engineering. The challenge spans several months during the school year so it gives me time to complete the challenges around my school schedule. I liked this competition because it focused around a realistic scenario of a company that was breached by a phishing attack. The challenges progressed from discovering what machines were compromised to finding the malicious email, all the way to thoroughly dissecting the malware that infected the company’s systems. The progression of difficulty in the challenges definitely helped me to improve my skills and I was eventually able to make it into the High Performers category of participants which felt great to achieve. I even got sent an NSA branded fidget spinner for my hard work ! Overall it was a fun experience and improved my knowledge and skills. 

